Feature/restructure headers footers logic in message cell (#2507)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: docusaurus/docs/iOS/uikit/components/message.md

| ------------- | ------------- |
| <img src={require("../../assets/message-basic-resolver-before.png").default} /> | <img src={require("../../assets/message-basic-resolver-after.png").default} /> |

#### Decoration Views
:::note

> Decoration Views are available on SDK version 4.28.0 and above.

Reviewer: It will be 4.29.0 actually since we just released 4.28 🙂 
```suggestion
Decoration Views are available on SDK version 4.29.0 and above.
```

:::

The SDK allows you to configure what will be presented above and below your message with decoration views (`ChatMessageDecorationView`). They are fully customizable, and we also use them for standard SDK components like the `Date Separators` as seen below.

In order to provide a `ChatMessageDecorationView` (either a header or a footer) for a message, you will need to implement the following method from the `ChatMessageListVCDelegate`
```swift
func chatMessageListVC(
    _ vc: ChatMessageListVC,
    decorationViewForMessage message: ChatMessage,
    decorationType: ChatMessageDecorationType,
    at indexPath: IndexPath
) -> ChatMessageDecorationView?

> ```

Reviewer: This is outdated right?

| ------------- | ------------- |
| <img src={require("../../assets/message-basic-resolver-before.png").default} /> | <img src={require("../../assets/message-basic-resolver-after.png").default} /> |

#### Decoration Views

> The SDK allows you to configure what will be presented above and below your message. Those views we are calling them `ChatMessageDecorationView`. `ChatMessageDecorationView` are fully customizable and they are even used for standard SDK components like the `Date Separators` that we will see below.

Reviewer: WDYT of this shorter version?
```suggestion
The SDK allows you to configure what will be presented above and below your message with decoration views (`ChatMessageDecorationView`). They are fully customizable, and we also use them for standard SDK components like the `Date Separators` as seen below.
```

In order to provide a `ChatMessageDecorationView` (either a header or a footer) for a message, you will need to implement the following method from the `ChatMessageListVCDelegate`
```swift
func chatMessageListVC(
    _ vc: ChatMessageListVC,
    decorationViewForMessage message: ChatMessage,
    decorationType: ChatMessageDecorationType,
    at indexPath: IndexPath
) -> ChatMessageDecorationView?
```
`ChatMessageDecorationView` are following a similar flow as the `UITableViewHeaderFooterView` decorations for sections that `UITableView` is managing. During the preparation of a message cell, the `ChatMessageListVC` will ask the delegate to provide `ChatMessageDecorationView` for header and footer. If the delegate returns a non-nil value the 
provided `ChatMessageDecorationView` will be placed in the cell's UI according to it's decoration type. In the case where the delegate will return a nil value then the cell will be updated to release the space for this specific decoration type, if it was previously used.

> :::note
> Unlike the `UITableViewHeaderFooterView`, the cell `ChatMessageDecorationView` that the SDK manages, is not cached and reused. This was decided due to some limitations of `UITableViewHeaderFooterView` that were preventing us from making `ChatMessageDecorationView` inherit from.
> 
> This is a known limitation and we are working on providing a solution in a following update.
> :::

Reviewer: We should not provide implementation details in the documentation, especially this one might warn the customer for no reason. 
```suggestion
```

Components.default.messageListDateSeparatorView = CustomChatMessageListDateSeparatorView.self
```

##### Result:
| Before | After |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| <img src={require("../../assets/message-list-date-separator-static.png").default} /> | <img src={require("../../assets/message-list-date-separator-custom.png").default} /> |

> :::important
> `Date Separator` is a type of `ChatMessageDecorationView` and its creation flow goes through the `ChatMessageListVCDelegate`. Both `ChatChannelVC` and `ChatThreadVC` configure `Date Separator` based on the `Components.default.messageListDateSeparatorEnabled` configuration flag.
> 
> In the case where you are overriding the `func tableView(_ tableView: UITableView, cellForRowAt indexPath: IndexPath) -> UITableViewCell` method from `ChatMessageListVC` you may want to ensure that:
> 1. You either call `super.tableView(tableView, cellForAt: indexPath)` at some point in your code 
> or
> 2. You implement and call the `ChatMessageListVCDelegate` method that manages `ChatMessageDecorationView`
> :::
> 

Reviewer: For me this seems a bit unnecessary 🤔 WDYT? 
```suggestion
```
